Improve content collection styles and scripts build perf (#10959)
withastro/astro: .changeset/grumpy-pillows-develop.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Refactors internal styles and scripts handling for content collection to improve build performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refactors internal handling of styles and scripts for content collections to improve build performance
```
